VNet:-
All inbound traffic is denied.
All outbound traffic is allowed.


linuxuser/Password@4052

If we deploy a resource in a resource group and don't specifically mention region details, then it will get deployed in the same region where RG is present.

By default communication between different subnets in a single VNet is allowed. This happens over private IP addresses.

We can rename a subnet only if it doesn't have any VM inside it.

NSG:-
NSG is used to filter network traffic to and from Azure resources within an Azure VNet.
Can be associated with network interface or subnet. CANNOT be associated directly to a VNet.
Contains rules which can allow/deny inbound/outbound traffic.

ASG:-
You can make a VM part of an ASG and then define a rule in NSG to allow traffic from this ASG rather from private IP of that source VM.

VPN:-
For the VMs where public IP address is not allowed. Like VMs in on-premises. To conenct to those VMs from cloud you need to access private IP over VPN.

Point to site VPN via "Azure Virtual Network Gateway". For individual computers.
Site  to site VPN via "Azure Virtual Network Gateway" and "Local Network Gateway" as well. For entire site.

Azure ExpressRoute:-
Allows you to connect your on-premises networks to MS cloud over the private connection. 
Here the connections is established with the help of a connectivity provider rather via internet.
You get two conenctions for redundancy.

Azure LB:- Basic (no charge but with no SLA and no HA) and Standard (has an hourly charge, HA)
Configure:- Public IP, Health probe, and LB rules
VMs should be part of Scale Sets or Availability Sets
You can use the NAT rules to direct traffic to the backend instances. 
The virtual machine and the virtual network need to be in the same region.

Lab: 
Create 2 linux VMs in same VNet with NSG for port 80 as well. Install nginx on both.
Di-associate public IP for both via network interface --> IP configuration
Create a LB resource. --> Basic --> Public --> Add

DNS: Domain Name System Service
Create your own domain name.
You should have 1 domain from external provider like godaddy. You can manage it's DNS records.
Then create "DNS zone" resource in Azure portal with same godaddy domain name.
Add A record set --> for lb public IP
Add NS record in godaddy domain name servers.

Peering:-
Create Azure virtual network peering connection to allow 2 VNets communicate with each other.
We can do this via VM details page.
