https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/view-all-accounts

Just-in-time access provides access to the virtual machine only for a specified amount of time. 
This is one of the security methods you can use to protect your VMs in Azure.
Use the Azure Security Center's Just-In-Time (JIT) Virtual Machine (VM) access feature to lock down inbound traffic to Azure Virtual Machines. 
This makes it easier to connect to the VM when needed, while reducing the risk of exposure.


Which file type should you use to copy files into your storage account using the Azure Import / Export service?
CSV

You can change which Azure AD tenant your Azure subscription is associated to.
Yes

If you try to start an existing virtual machine after your subscription has expired, you will see an error.

Which billing accounts are supported by the Azure portal? Please select all applicable items.
Microsoft Online Services Program
Microsoft Customer Agreement
Microsoft enterprise contracts
Microsoft Partner Agreement

When moving a virtual machine from Subscription A to Subscription B. No action should be taken on the virtual machine before migration.

By possessing a great amount of servers, cloud vendors are able to provide cloud services at a lower price, known as "economies of scale".

There is no support plan to needed when using the Azure forums on MSDN. The Azure forums on MSDN are available to anyone regardless of their support plan.

When you implement efficient permission management by dividing users into groups and setting permissions, you should set groups using Azure management groups.

A free Azure account grants access to all Azure services for the first 30 days, after which users will only have access to a subset of Azure services for free. 
If users want to access all Azure services, they will need to upgrade to a "pay-as-you-go" account.

Azure Service Health can view the status of Azure resources related to your subscription.

The service level agreement is calculated using mean time to recovery (MTTR) and mean time between failures (MTBF) as metrics.

The composite SLAs = SLA1 X SLA2

The Azure CLI, Azure Powershell, and Azure Portal are all available as tools for virtual machines with MacOS, Linux, Ubuntu, and Windows 10 operating systems.

Azure Event Grid makes it easy to create applications with an event-based architecture. 
This allows your application to collect events from multiple sources and process them on your application.

Advanced identity protection and Privileged Identity Management features are in Azure Active Directory Premium P21, but not in Premium P1.

Azure Active Directory manages how cloud or on-premises devices access your company's data. Just register your device ID and manage it centrally.

Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) enables identity management and security with single sign-on and multi-factor authentication. 
However, it is not possible to divide users into groups and grant permissions.

Certain Azure regions require customers to go through a request process in order to gain access. 
To request access to these regions, you may open a support request and work with our Support team to discuss or enable access.

Support requests can be created through the Azure Portal.
You can also create and manage requests programmatically using the Azure Support Tickets REST API.

Ability to quickly use and change cloud resources in response to changes in business requirements is called Agility.

Ability to dynamically provision resources in response to changes in load is called elasticity.

Azure DevOps Services allows you to host and operate web app applications.
NO

An Internet connection is always required to use cloud computing.
NO

Multiple locks can be set on a single resource.
CanNotDelete
ReadOnly

More restrictive locks will take precedence when different types of locks are set on a single resource. 
A delete lock allows modification of the resource, but a read-only lock does not allow modification of the resource. 
Therefore, the read-only locks take precedence over resources that have both applied to it.

Resource groups are used for resource access control.
Yes

You can create group policies using Azure Active Directory Domain Services (Azure AD DS).
Yes


You need to implement a simple application that uses Azure to automatically send email notifications.
Choose the two best solutions for that.
Functions and Logic Apps

Flexibility in infrastructure management is one of the benefits of using IaaS on the Azure cloud.
No

Each region consists of geographically separated and independent data centers.
Yes

Regions are connected by broadband dedicated lines.
No

You can create budget alerts in Azure Cost Management and get notified when your costs exceed your budget.

Data transfer between storage accounts in the same Azure region is free.

Azure Monitor can send alerts for Azure Active Directory users, but not for Azure Active Directory Group IDs.

Azure spending limits already set are fixed and cannot be changed.

Your company is planning to migrate from an on-premises environment to Azure. It is necessary to proceed with application development using Docker as the development environment.
Which is the best solution for that?
Container and AppService

Azure SQL Database is the easiest way to use SQL Server on Azure. However, in the scenario we have a requirement of a SQL Server database utilizing the Common Language Runtime (CLR). 
Common Language Runtime (CLR) is not available in Azure SQL Database.

Public cloud services like Azure offer the flexibility to align system costs with capital expenses (CapEx) to operational expenses (OpEx). 

Password management for SaaS solutions must be managed by the user.

Applications can obtain security tokens using Azure Active Directory. 

Azure data centers undergo third-party security audits.

Azure Stack allows users to deploy Azure services using their own data centers. 
Azure Stack is an on-premise version of Azure service that allows you to build an environment based on common technology and management infrastructure with Microsoft Azure.

Data can be asynchronously replicated to other regions for disaster recovery.

A Microsoft Azure account with an active EA portal (https://ea.azure.com/) is required when associating an enterprise Azure subscription.

Users can access MSDN Platforms by setting up a pay-as-you-go subscription in Azure.

You can require Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) during authentication for all user accounts.

Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) can be set up to grant access via both facial recognition and mobile phone passcodes, in combination.

Azure Advisor is free and gives you access to recommendations at no additional charge.

The service that allows you to view audit reports and compliance-related information for Azure services is Microsoft Service Trust Portal.

Correct tool to use to run Azure CLI commands:-
Windows PSH, Terminal, cmd prompt

Automatically scale out and increase the number of servers during busy hours. The method of increasing the number of servers is called scale-out.

You need to enforce filtering on the subnet of your Azure virtual network.:-
Use Virtual Appliances,
Create a User Defined Route (UDR)

You are building an application using Azure virtual machines. As a security requirement at that time, it is necessary to monitor threats throughout the network.
Microsoft Defender for Identity

Using Azure virtual machines instead of traditional servers improves fault tolerance.

Azure Information Protection can troubleshoot using scanner diagnostic tools.

On-premises identities need NOT to be synced to the cloud when setting up MFA for identities.

You have an Azure AD tenant associated with your Azure subscription. All admins are required to enter a verification code to access the Azure portal. 
In doing so, administrators should only be able to access the Azure portal from the on-premises network.
The 'Sign-in risk policy' allows you to set multi-factor authentication (MFA) and access locations

You are preparing to run an Azure PowerShell script from your Linux computer. What kind of preparation do you need to do before this? 
PSH core and Azure PSH Module

Azure virtual machines are also charged per second based on usage time.

You want to monitor activities conducted by users and take steps to store this data.
Please select the three best services to help do this.
Monitor, Event Hubs, Storage

Availability Zones are deferent from Zones. Zones are geographical groupings of Azure regions for billing purposes.

No additional cost is required when using Azure globally across multiple regions.

The Standard, Professional Direct and Premier Support for Enterprise plans offer 24/7 access to technical support via email and phone.

You would like to subscribe to an Azure support plan that will allow you to receive design reviews based on your company's requirements.
Premier plan

You need to create an Azure resource that defines a VPN appliance using a specific IP address within your company. 
Which Azure resource should you create?
A local network gateway

Optimizing the user experience by deploying a globally available application in multiple regions close to the user is called Geo-replication.

Which OS can be used on Azure Virtual Desktop (AVD)?
・Windows desktop client
・Web client
・MacOS client
・iOS client
・Android client
・Microsoft Store client

What is the best way to migrate user account information from on-premises Active Directory to Azure?
Azure AD Connect Password Hash Sync 

You are building an IoT solution.
Choose the best central management solution to connect, monitor and manage your IoT devices.
IoT Central

Which service can automatically adjust the protection of user-specific Azure resources within a virtual network to provide DDoS attack protection?
DDoS Network Protection

How many subscriptions can a user associate with one account?
10

What do you call an object that represents a user, group, service principal, or managed identity requesting access to an Azure resource?
A security principal

What is the maximum number of virtual machines that can be configured in one virtual machine scale set?
1000

Which Azure services can use Apache Hadoop big data analytics tools?
Azure HD Insights

Which tool can estimate the future cost of individual Azure services based on projected usage?
Azure Pricing Calculator

What is the maximum amount of storage a single storage account can take?
5PiB (Petabytes)

One Azure subscription can have up to 250 storage accounts per region

How many subscriptions can a user associate with one account?
Unlimited

Which configuration is used on Azure for the "network" layer of network security?
Subnets

What happens if you exceed your free tier credits while using your Azure free account?
Account and services will be disabled. Fee.

All correct options that describe documents provided by the Microsoft Service Trust Portal.
MS's commitment to compliance
Penetration test result

Roles are used to control access to resources.  

Azure policies cannot grant usage restrictions to specific users.

When creating Functions, you need to edit the code using the Azure Functions dedicated code editor.
No

Azure Logic Apps can build stateful serverless applications.
Yes

Azure Functions are a serverless solution for creating functions. These functions only work in the cloud.
No

Which solution would you utilize to connect to Azure Cosmos DB using the virtual network's private IP address?
Pvt endpoints

You can disable public access to Azure Cosmos DB by using a public endpoint.
No

The maximum number of entities and messages per storage account is unlimited.
Yes

Individual vendors determine the pricing of services sold on the Azure Marketplace.
Yes.
